welcome to episode 35 of dead farang D&D
in Bangkok Thailand hey YouTube dead
farang here in this episode I'm at D&D
in on Cal san road bangkok thailand
hello Momiji somebody ma Dien Bien is
one of the most popular hotels on
coulson road at the time of this video
the d indian was undergoing renovations
there were no safe facilities in the
hotel and breakfast was held across the
road at the partner hotel the dang doom
this room here is a standard double I
paid 1000 baht per night as you can see
it's very clean this one has no windows
and there's no wall decorations it's got
the old-school TV very plain if you are
backpacking and looking for a cheaper
room check out my video on lucky house
lucky house rooms start at 400 baht and
go up from there on the other hand if
you want to visit khao san road and
staying something a little better a
little bit higher class you can check
out my video on dang dinh dang dinh has
room starting at 1250 but dang doom is a
lot newer and all three hotels are owned
by the same company and that's why i've
done this little tri series on those
three hotels boast in cal San Road in
the bathroom they give you two little
soaps two tails and one bath mat and one
roll of toilet paper
Here I am in my friend's bedroom he has
a room at the front of the hotel with a
window overlooking Kelson Road you can
hear the noisier that noise goes well
into the early morning and if noises a
problem ask for a room back of the hotel
that a lot of fun down on that road and
that's why I continued to return price
for this room was one thousand but also
there is no discount
taking off all that place D&E does have
a rooftop swimming pool you want to get
a good seat by the pool I advise you to
get in early seating is limited and does
seem to be occupied for most of the day
as with most rooftop swimming pools
there is great views around Bangkok the
best thing about staying on Cal San Road
and the Dean then you get to meet
like-minded people like you people that
are out traveling the world having fun
and loving life Dean Dean Bangkok
Thailand between the dean dean the
dangoon and lucky house I'm sure you
will find a suitable hotel within your
budget right in the heart pulse and Road
know of any other good options please
let me know and I'll look into it you
liked this video through the huge thumbs
up leave a comment and don't forget to
subscribe to my channel I've got a lot
more videos coming up shortly and
remember fire girls can't eat love this
has been another dead farang production